Wait, do you have more than one husband?
I'm not married.
You're not married?
I know the company's been buzzing with rumors about me, but I don't care.
Damn it!
Listen, from that one, I will personally deal with anybody who's spreading rumors about you.
So, is he not your boyfriend?
No, he's just a good friend.
You know, it's actually kind of hard to date when I'm always working late with you.
Yes, so.
Is me not being able to get a boyfriend or husband funny to you?
No, it's not.
Yes, it is. Look at you grinning.
You are smiling.
Stop it.
You're literally smirking. You're laughing at me.
I'm not. I'm not.
Okay, well, you know, it's getting late.
You should get some rest.
You know what? Keep the car.
How will you get back?
It's fine. I'm in a good mood.
I think I'll walk home.
Goodnight, Mr. Friend.
With this... building...
Hell, I used to live here.